make C and Zca equivalent for RV64Y (#762)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/zc.adoc

* Zca
* Zcf if F is specified (RV32 only)

> * Zcd if D is specified (RV64, but not {cheri_base64_ext_name})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Zcd if D is specified (not supported for {cheri_base64_ext_name})
```

As C defines the same instructions as Zca, Zcf, and Zcd, the rule is that:

* C always implies Zca
* C+F implies Zcf (RV32 only)

> * C+D implies Zcd (RV64, but not {cheri_base64_ext_name})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* C+D implies Zcd (except for {cheri_base64_ext_name})

```

* C+F implies Zcf (RV32 only)
* C+D implies Zcd

> NOTE: Specifying C and Zca are equivalent on {cheri_base64_ext_name}, as Zcd is incompatible with that base architecture.

Reviewer 2: Regardless, this isn't non-normative. The bullet points above need to be updated with the correct predicates, and then this text becomes redundant.

> NOTE: Specifying C and Zca are equivalent on {cheri_base_ext_name} architectures, as Zcf and Zcd are incompatible with that base architecture.

Reviewer: Doesn't RV32Y still support Zcd (unless you have zcmp etc.)?

* C+F implies Zcf (RV32 only)
* C+D implies Zcd

> NOTE: Specifying C and Zca are equivalent on {cheri_base64_ext_name}, as Zcd is incompatible with that base architecture.

Reviewer 2: (Though it looks like we might have cleaned that up?)
